   
 * 1) What do you understand By Database :

     A database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored electronically in a computer
   system. A database is usually controlled by a database management system (DBMS).

  * 2) What is Normalization? 

       Normalization is the process of organizing data in a database. It includes creating tables and establishing
   relationships between those tables according to rules designed both to protect the data and to make the database more
   flexible by eliminating redundancy and inconsistent dependency.

  * 3)  What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS? 

     DBMS stands for Database Management System, and RDBMS is the acronym for the Relational Database Management system.
  In DBMS, the data is stored as a file, whereas in RDBMS, data is stored in the form of tables.
 
  * 4) What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?

      Codd's rule in DBMS also known as Codd's 12 rules/commandments is a set of thirteen rules (numbered 0 to 12) that 
   define a database to be a correct Relational Database Management System (RDBMS). If a database follows Codd's 12 rules,
   it is called a True relational database management system.

 * 5) What do you understand By Data Redundancy?

      Data redundancy occurs when the same piece of data exists in multiple places, whereas data inconsistency is when
  the same data exists in different formats in multiple tables. Unfortunately, data redundancy can cause data inconsistency,
  which can provide a company with unreliable and/or meaningless information.

  * 6) What is DDL Interpreter? 

	DDL Interpreter DDL expands to Data Definition Language. DDL Interpreter as the name suggests interprets the DDL
   statements such as schema definition statements like create, delete, etc. The result of this interpretation is a set
   of a table that contains the meta-data which is stored in the data dictionary.

 * 7) What is DML Compiler in SQL?

	DML Compiler DML expands to Data Manipulation Language in DBMS. DML Compiler again as the name suggests compiles
  (or translates) the DML statements such as select, update and delete statements into low-level instructions which is 
  nothing but the machine-readable object code to make it executable.

 * 8) What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints.

	SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table. Constraints are used to limit the type of data
   that can go into a table. This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table. If there is any violation
   between the constraint and the data action, the action is aborted.
	CREATE TABLE STUDENT ( ID int , Name varchar(255) , Age int, CHECK (Age>=18) ); As we have used a check constraint
   as (Age>=18) which means values entered by the user for this age column while inserting the data must be less than or
   equal to 18 otherwise an error is shown.

* 9)  What is save Point? How to create a save Point write a Query? 

	A savepoint is a special mark inside a transaction that allows all commands that are executed after it was 
   established to be rolled back, restoring the transaction state to what it was at the time of the savepoint.
   
       A SAVEPOINT is a point in a transaction in which you can roll the transaction back to a certain point without
   rolling back the entire transaction. Syntax for Savepoint command: SAVEPOINT SAVEPOINT_NAME; This command is used only
   in the creation of SAVEPOINT among all the transactions.

* 10) What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL? 

	An SQL trigger is a database object that is associated with a table and automatically executes a set of SQL
   statements when a specific event occurs on that table.

	The schema_name is the name of the schema to which the new trigger belongs. The schema name is optional. The
   trigger_name is the user-defined name for the new trigger. The table_name is the table to which the trigger applies.






